Add newsletter Feb (#126)
maplibre/maplibre.github.io: content/news/2023-02-14-maplibre-newsletter-february-2023.md

- On Feb 8th, 2023, Alan Chen Wei from GrabMaps gave a presentation about how Grab implemented Khmer text rendering with HarfBuzz. Video recording is available [here](https://zoom.us/rec/share/X4c7fjSQiFkl1jNNMRiqt9jqeLK3ZCJZ5SuMhi8-qzzcVnDisfcABqLqIZcHflTv.3loRYzsO4OhqSsYt?startTime=1675843326000) Passcode: `JHnxr8*3`. Thanks for the interesting talk, Alan!

## MapLibre GL Native

We are happy to welcome Bart Louwers and Ovidiu Voda as Maintainers of MapLibre GL Native. They started in January 2023 and we can see how their work has a positive impact on MapLibre GL Native with many new people contributing to the repo. Thank you both for your efforts!

MapLibre GL Native for Android [v10.0.0-pre.0](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/releases/tag/android-v10.0.0-pre.0) is out now. Try it out and let us know what you think. All bug reports are welcome! The new features, bug fixes and breaking changes are documented in the [release notes](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/releases/tag/android-v10.0.0-pre.0).

### Bounties

> MapLibre GL Native published Bounties for code development tasks. Read our step-by-step guide [LINK] to learn how you can work on Bounties and get paid.

Author: Thanks, need to add that

Currently, the following Bounties are available (see [here](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22%F0%9F%92%B0+bounty+L%22%2C%22%F0%9F%92%B0+bounty+S%22%2C%22%F0%9F%92%B0+bounty+M%22+) for an up-to-date list):

- Documentation: Update the Android test app: [#741](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/issues/741)

> ### GitHub

Author: Sure, can you "suggest changes"

Code contributions since January 15th, 2023:

> - [louwers](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=louwers) contributed 20 pull requests focusing on improved continuous integration and documentation.

Author: I like the number

> - [louwers](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=louwers) contributed 20 pull requests focusing on improved continuous integration and documentation.

Author: But @louwers, maybe you can better summarize the content of the pull requests?

> - [louwers](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=louwers) contributed 20 pull requests focusing on improved continuous integration and documentation.

Reviewer: Sure.

> - [louwers](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=louwers) contributed 20 pull requests focusing on improved continuous integration and documentation.

Reviewer: ```
- [louwers](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=louwers) contributed 20 pull requests.
  - Continuous integration for Android is now green again. We no longer use a custom Docker image.
  - The various README files throughout the repository where refreshed.
  - The [Android API docs](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-native/android/api/) now use Dokka, which is a documentation generator with better support for Kotlin than the previously used Javadoc.
  - New [Core C++ docs](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-native/cpp/api/) were published as well, using Doxygen as documentation generator.
  - C++17 is used for compilation and some parts of the codebase were updated to take advantage of this. 
- [tdcosta100](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=tdcosta100) contributed 4 pull requests to prepare Windows support.
- [KiwiKilian](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=KiwiKilian) improved the node documentation.
- [fynngodau](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=fynngodau) contributed 2 pull requests to improve Kotlin code and fix an issue with bitmaps.
- [hallahan](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=hallahan) improved the iOS docs.
- [birkskyum](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=birkskyum) updated Android Gradle Plugin.
- [alanchenboy](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=alanchenboy) contributed 2 pull requests to fix a snapshotting crash and enable C++ unit tests on macOS. 
```

I added some more details.

- [tdcosta100](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=tdcosta100) contributed 4 pull requests to prepare Windows support.
- [KiwiKilian](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=KiwiKilian) improved the node documentation.
- [fynngodau](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=fynngodau) contributed 2 pull requests to improve Kotlin code and fix an issue with bitmaps.
- [hallahan](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=hallahan) improved the iOS docs.

> - [birkskyum](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=birkskyum) updated AGP.

Author: Maybe android gradle plugin?

- [alanchenboy](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=alanchenboy) contributed 2 pull requests to fix a snapshotting crash and enable C++ unit tests.

## MapLibre GL JS

In the last Technical Steering Committee meeting on Feb 8th, 2023, we had the pleasure to welcome some new faces, including people from OSM Americana and Felt.

There were some discussions around how to move the style specification forward and how the contribution process can be more stream-lined.

> We publish MapLibre GL JS v3.0.0-pre.4 on NPM. Try it out and let us know what you think. All bug reports are welcome! The new features, bug fixes and breaking changes are documented in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We published MapLibre GL JS v3.0.0-pre.4 on npm. Try it out and let us know what you think. All bug reports are welcome! The new features, bug fixes and breaking changes are documented in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
```

### Bounties

> MapLibre GL JS published Bounties for code development tasks. Read our step-by-step guide [LINK] to learn how you can work on Bounties and get paid.

Author: Thanks, need to add that

MapLibre GL Native for Android [v10.0.0-pre.0](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/releases/tag/android-v10.0.0-pre.0) is out now. Try it out and let us know what you think. All bug reports are welcome! The new features, bug fixes and breaking changes are documented in the [release notes](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/releases/tag/android-v10.0.0-pre.0).

### Bounties

MapLibre GL Native published Bounties for code development tasks. Read our step-by-step guide [LINK] to learn how you can work on Bounties and get paid.

Currently, the following Bounties are available (see [here](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22%F0%9F%92%B0+bounty+L%22%2C%22%F0%9F%92%B0+bounty+S%22%2C%22%F0%9F%92%B0+bounty+M%22+) for an up-to-date list):

- Documentation: Update the Android test app: [#741](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/issues/741)

### GitHub

Code contributions since January 15th, 2023:

> - [louwers](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=louwers) contributed 20 pull requests focusing on improved continuous integration and documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
- [louwers](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native/commits?author=louwers) contributed 20 pull requests.
  - Continuous integration for Android is now green again. We no longer use a custom Docker image.
  - The various README files throughout the repository where refreshed.
  - The [Android API docs](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-native/android/api/) now use Dokka, which is a documentation generator with better support for Kotlin than the previously used Javadoc.
  - New [Core C++ docs](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-native/cpp/api/) were published as well, using Doxygen as documentation generator.
  - C++17 is used for compilation and some parts of the codebase were updated to take advantage of this. 

```
